Piece 1: Keyboard
    Problem: There are a lot of supports i need to tear out.
    Solution 1:
        If at all possible, reverse the direction so it can print "upside down" from currently". This will require shifting the hinge.
    Solution 2: 
        Make the supports in the file be everywhere except where wires need to go. this reduces the amount of stuff that needs torn out
    Solution 3:
        Make the handle full thickness    

    Problem: Magnets do not fit.
    Solution: 
        Measure the hole width to make sure it fits the spec.
            If so, use 7mm holes, and make them slightly deeper.
            If not, fix that for all holes
            (Actual is 5.5mm, should be 6mm--make wider, deeper)

    Problem: Half a key is cut off
    Solution: (Troubleshoot) -- printer bed is too small

    Problem: Fingers don't easily fit in the handle
    Solution: Make the handle deeper (+ wider)

    Problem: The keyboard flexes
    Solution: Test to see if it's a problem. Screw things together.

    Problem: Screw holes too small to fit a screw


    Problem: Key fit slightly slack
	Make 0.5mm narrower?

    Perfect: Keycap spacing
    Perfect: GPIO header
    Perfect: Split spacebar pieces go on

Piece 2: Top plate
   Problem: Screen rotated 90 degrees
   Solution: Redesign

   Problem: Screw countersinks are too narrow
   Solution: Increase to 8mm across

   Problem: Battery holes screws will stick out
   Solution: Add countersinks

   Problem: Power switch does not fit in.
   Solution: Make long direction bigger by 1mm

   Problem: Sharp displays do not fit
   Solution: Make long direction bigger by 1mm

   Problem: E-ink screen a little loose
   Solution: Fine, use glue.

Piece 3: Bottom Clamshell
   Problem: a little poke-y.
   Solution: round edges more, extra vertical section

   Problem: Screw holes will not fit a screw

Piece 4: Top Clamshell
   Problem: Text is printed backwards.
   Solution: Reverse

   Problem: Screw holes will not fit a screw
   Solution: widen

Piece 5: Battery Holder
    ???

Hinge:
    Problem: There is no "stop" for the hinge.
    Solution: Add a stop

    Problem: Holes in hinge not big enough
    Solution 1: Drill them
    Solution 2: Make the hole bigger and see if that works

    Problem: Hinges don't fit together
    Solution: Reduce width by 1mm each size

General
    Problem: keyboard piece directly adjuts top piece--no room for keys when case is closed
    Solution: redesign

    Problem: Handle does not easily split
    Solution 1: Add a lip to the top piece [delay]
    Solution 2: Make the indent WAY thicker (all the way through)
